Document signal sciences, links and info about rate limit (#110)
pulibrary/pul-the-hard-way: services/signal_sciences.md

# Signal Sciences

We use Signal Sciences to monitor and limit traffic to the load balancer.

## Access the UI

[Signal Sciences load balancer overview](https://dashboard.signalsciences.net/corps/pu_library/sites/adc?dashboardId=5d93700e24dfc501917be84c)
[View events](https://dashboard.signalsciences.net/corps/pu_library/sites/adc/events)
[Enabled rules](https://dashboard.signalsciences.net/corps/pu_library/sites/adc/rules?enabled=true)

## Rate limit and Bot traffic
Sometimes a site gets hit with a lot of traffic from a bot that isn't respecting
our robots.txt files. In this case you will likely see a big jump in requests to
the machine (i.e. in Datadog) and you will see their user agent repeatedly in
logs.

> We have an active rule to disallow traffic from any IP that makes > 200 requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have an active rule to disallow traffic automatically from any IP that makes > 200 requests
```

in 1 minute. The traffic is disallowed for 10 minutes and then allowed again.

> The number of requests here was set just high enough to catch a specific bad bot we oserved on DPUL.

Reviewer: Typo
```suggestion
The number of requests here was set just high enough to catch a specific bad bot we observed on DPUL.
```

> If a bot is slowing down a service despite that rate limit, you can make a rule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a bot is slowing down a service without triggering the automatic ban, you can make a rule
```

Author: Honestly sometimes it seems like the ban is triggered but it still doesn't fix the traffic issues.
